Reveal simple compilation errors in m2m mapping in form mode properly (#681)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/selfish-rockets-explain.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': patch
---

> Change the separator of sourceId from \_ to @ to reveal somme simple compilation error in m2m Mapping in form mode properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the separator of source ID from `_` to `@` to fix problems with error revealing in form mod ([#510](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/510)). 
```
